You want to grab shots for John? Jimmy,
what's the shoot today? We're at the gym
that Steph just built.
You got Mr. Beast in the building. Can I
Mr. Beast right there? Yeah.
Dude, everyone in the world knows you.
You're the ghost. Why make videos like
Jordan? He doesn't do social media.
Honestly, it's cuz people want to see it
all. What do you think about all the NBA
players creating podcasts these days?
You want to see me do it? Why would you
ever start a YouTube channel or vlog?
That integration is not as hard as I
think people think. Any thoughts on
traditional media as we're surrounded by
a lot of reporters versus new media? I
am traditional media and new media. So
you guys have one of the biggest shows
started by NBA players. How does the
money compare to the NBA after
basketball? I am making NBA money. Hey,
why don't you do a video with Jesser?
It's literally the first time we've ever
been live.
Keep going.
Oh my god. Shout out to the NBA for
letting us do this. How's it going, man?
I wasn't expecting that. Yo, NBA, that
was sick.
I need to
watch this
one. All right, we're at All-Star
Weekend in San Francisco. We're about to
shoot a crazy video. There's thousands
of high school kids outside. They have
no idea that Jimmy's here about to
surprise them. That Steph Curry is
coming. This is going to be a massive
shoot. It's for Jimmy's next video where
the best pro athletes go against average
Joe's. His last one with Cristiano
Ronaldo got like 200 300 million views.
I think this video is going to be even
bigger. Let's see how it goes. Jimmy,
what's the shoot today? We're at the gym
that Steph just built and we're going to
have him compete against the number one
shooter at the school and see who can
make more threes. This is a lot of
pressure on this high school kid, but
we're going to give him a minute and
Steph probably like 30 seconds to shoot
shots. even it out and then hopefully,
fingers crossed, I'm trying to get
LeBron James during the All-Star
weekend. LeBron, my boy, come on, man.
What is it about the NBA and YouTube? It
feels like more players like have
podcasts, have YouTube channels. The
days of going through a network is uh
kind of archaic. These NBA players fans
watch YouTube. Why not speak to him
directly on YouTube? He's going to the
What are we doing? Do you watch a lot of
Mr. Beast videos? Do a couple like Yes.
And my six-year-old son is I need I need
a video for him to Oh, yeah. Why don't
you bring him out? Yeah. Well, we'll
FaceTime whenever you
can. Oh, you're with your brother. Hey,
buddy. Can Can I Can I introduce you to
somebody? You know who that is? How's it
going?
[Laughter]
Wait, don't drop it. Can get the phone,
boy. Daddy, who's that? Mr. B. How's it
going, man? Your dad's about to compete
against someone in a video. It's going
to be fun. Yeah. When it when it's done,
I'm going to let you watch it and see
who wins. All right. He just wanted to
say hi. Yeah. Thank you for watching the
videos. Have you been watching Beast
Games?
A. You love it.
All right. All right. Nice meeting you,
little man. Appreciate you, too. No
problem. Through the phone. That was
cute. That cool.
He dropped a Here's a ball from the
shot. Thank you, sir. Appreciate that,
man.
Jamie, what's Steph doing right now? For
transitions and stuff, we just, you
know, sometimes need the athletes in
front of a green screen. So, just making
sure we get that. So, we have it. Always
do it at the start because if not,
you'll forget. Did you buy a chance to
see our video? I haven't. Yeah. It's um
we basically get like seven like the
best athletes in the world and we put
them all on one video. It's pretty cool.
So this shot right here, you're probably
be standing next to like Serena Williams
and a bunch of other people just so you
have context.
I ain't got the auto skills. Steph, are
you trying to make more YouTube videos
these days? Yeah, we're starting to do a
little more behind the scenes content
stuff and um pretty much every
activation we do like
having some complimentary content. Yeah,
dude. Everyone in the world knows you,
you're the goat. Why make videos? Like
Jordan doesn't do social media.
Honestly, it's cuz just the fact that
even like me FaceTiming my son just now
like you realize they see part of you,
but to normalize a little bit of the
stuff that I take for granted cuz you
live this and people want to see it all.
You still keep some stuff private and
have my space. But this is your
videographer. That's amazing. Yeah. Is
this a step video right here?
Okay.
Vlog. I love your Kevin Hart vlog from
four years ago, man. That was awesome. I
remember that. I used to work at
YouTube, man. And we love like watching
your stuff. Yeah. Yeah. You don't play
from low stakes. Like you you bring it.
Well, if you win, we'll give that money
100 grand to whatever charity you want
and then if he wins, we give it to the
kid. It'll be big rule though, you got
to try. Yeah, you have to try.
We I figured Oh, shoot. Walk right by
you.
What's up, dog? I'm moving
conspicuously. How you? I'm good, man.
Nice to meet you, too. Big fan, brother.
What brings you out here? I went to
school out here, so I'm just here
celebrating the community, trying to
jump in wherever I can jump in. You said
you was going to show up. Yeah. Yeah, of
course. Of course. This is like my
dream. Like Jimmy had to pay me. I'm
just happy. This is This is like my
favorite player, so pretty excited. You
film with some of the biggest
celebrities, athletes. Do you ever get
nervous? Yes, I get very nervous. Like
Ronaldo is scary, man. like you see him
and he's like, "Wow, that guy's like a
he floats. It's crazy." But yeah, and
then it goes away the second I meet him
and they're normal people and then I
feel great. Did that Ronaldo video like
change your mind in terms of like how
you guys are creating content with
athletes moving forward? Yeah, it's a
little easier now cuz they're taking our
phone calls, which is great. It's also a
win-win. Like Ronaldo wants to work on
his channel. We help him. Like we sat in
sessions with him trying to help him
with his videos, you know what I mean?
So it's just a win-win. I think it's
good for the community. I had to make
some custom shoes for you. Thank you for
winning USA. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's got
the Olympic stag. Have you seen the
YouTube channel Jesser? Bro, I got to
get on it with the custom shoes. Let's
go. That's love, man. Hell yeah. Thank
you very much, bro. Thank you for the
gold medal, bro, for America. Let's go.
That's fire. Thank you. Today, we've got
a special gift. You know, we're going to
play basketball, right? So, we've got a
few extra surprises for you. Steph, can
I ask what do you think about all the
NBA players creating podcasts these
days? I love uh the idea people are
giving fans a new perspective, good
storytelling. It does get a little
little loud at times though. There's a
lot of lot of people really good though.
I love Draymond's podcast. Draymond and
uh there silent a great job. Jeff T,
Boston Rivers, all the smoke
knuckleheads.
You won't see me doing it though. Don't
worry about that.
Why? got a lot of other things I want to
do other than be behind the mic every
day cuz you can go to do something you
got to be all in and it is a time
commitment. It's it's a big lift. Um
it's not something I'm passionate about.
[Applause]
They have no
idea. May I introduce 11time allstar,
fourtime NBA champion, twotime MVP, Mr.
Stephanie,
[Applause]
everybody,
Steph's talking. And now we go out there
now and just kind of wait.
Try not to draw too much attention cuz I
don't want people screaming when you go
out.
So have fun, compete, play hard, create
memories.
[Applause]
Mr. Beast in the building.
How's it going everybody?
Wait, is that Mr. Beast in the video?
And that Mr. Beast right there? Yeah.
[Applause]
Who would you rather meet, Steph Curry
or Mr. Beast? I've met I've met Curry.
Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast. Curry. Curry.
Curry.
I don't know if you guys saw the video
where we did like the one v one versus
Ronaldo with all the
athletes. We have Steph Curry here who
happens to be one of the best athletes
on the
planet. And uh where's our where's our
boy at? Uh come on
down video contest. Good to see
you. Bring out the
All right.
[Applause]
Did you know any of this was happening?
100. That's crazy.
For our next one v one, we have the
greatest shooter on the planet, Steph
Curry.
and he is going to be going up against
the number one shooter in this high
school. Come on
down. Let's go. How you doing? Are you
nervous?
Is that locked in?
Let's go. 3 2 1 go. 100 grand on the
line or what? Oh. Oh my gosh. Oh, he's
just not missing. Oh, he missed. All
right. He missed. He missed
one. Oh. Oh, half the
time. Okay. Only eight so
far. Okay.
Okay. LeBron.
LeBron. Two. One. Go, go, go.
He made 14 shots. He got it. 14 shots in
30 seconds. Let's see if Delorean can
beat that in a minute.
Are you ready? 3 2 1 go. 100 grand on
the
line. All right. Take your time. No
rush. All
right. No rush. Don't rush. Yep. Take
your time. Okay. All right. He's trying
to use it.
[Applause]
Okay. He still has
over He still has half a minute left.
Take your time. You don't have any shot
left. No rush. No rush. No rush.
[Applause]
Oh. Oh, he's getting there. All right.
He's got to hit all
[Applause]
2. Thank you so much.
go on like a month. Thank you so much
for Will we ever see a day where a
YouTuber has a signature shoe with Under
Armour? Uh, we're working on it. I think
I don't know why how we couldn't think
about the world that way. I'm as
addicted to Beast Games as anybody else.
So, yeah, we we we we want to be there
and we'll do it in an authentic way, of
course. Would you guys be more likely to
sign an athlete if they have a social
media presence or a YouTube channel?
Yeah, I mean, everything figures into
it. So, for all the young athletes, you
can be great, but you have to have all
the pieces, too. All
right, this is a dream come true. We're
at All-Star Weekend. We're about to go
on the court. There's some NBA players I
want to talk to about YouTube, but let's
go.
[Music]
The NBA Allstars are practicing right
now.
[Applause]
That's crazy. There's a bunch of players
walking around. I got a few questions
for them. So, come on.
I loved you on Kai Street. Yeah, it's
cool to see you guys like leaning into
new media like that. Are they describing
it as new media now? I mean, how would
you describe it? It's a seamless
platform to be able to connect all walks
of life. Is it just the everyday person
is the everyday person? Would you ever
start a YouTube channel or vlog like
what's going on in your life? Uh yeah.
Yeah. But there's all a time and place
for that. Do you have an idea of when it
might happen? Is like after you retire
or while you're still playing? Before
before I retire. Yeah. Before you
retire. That integration is not as hard
as I think people think. Meaning like
the integration of streaming and then
kind of traditional content how it's
been played out for our generations, how
we consumed it. It's different now.
People want to see the authenticity show
out through the camera. want to see it
live fed to you in a certain certain
capacity. Um you want to be a part of it
and grow with that person too. So you
just root for people like that too in
that streaming world because they come
from you know middle nowhere usually and
start with two people viewing and then
they get to thousands and then you kind
of see the evolution of them like that's
beautiful part about being not only in
this country but being part of this
world like seeing people want to know
what other people think but at the same
time like support them. Great see you at
the shoot yesterday man. How would you
view like Kaisa compared to ESPN and
other media? Depends on what you're
looking for from both. All those guys
are are killing it and very talented.
I'm sure there's going to be a
decentralization of media in the next
few years. I'm kind of curious to see uh
kind of what is next for those guys cuz
I'm sure the mainstream media source is
going to start approaching them with
large deals and things like that. They
said Draymond Green went this way.
Draymond
Green. You know, over 75 million people,
including the biggest creators,
athletes, and artists, all use Linkree
because it's so much more than just a
link in bio tool. I use it to feature
everything from my YouTube videos in
this cool carousel to my free YouTube
growth hack where you can get my best
tools, templates, and tips to grow on
YouTube just by going to my linkree at
linktr.e/youshi or checking out this QR
code. Linkree has also so many features
that will save you on monthly cost
because you won't need to pay for a link
shortener or tracking because Linkree
does that. Or you know those autodm
tools that are all over Instagram these
days? Well, Linkree does that too.
Linkree even lets you sell digital
products, templates, courses, set up a
shoppable storefront and more. And best
of all, Linkree is giving me a special
deal where you'll get 2 months free, no
strings attached, of their pro plan only
by using my link below or just go to my
linkree or check out this QR code. Trust
me, there's a reason why over 75 million
people use Linkree and they rarely give
out deals like this to try it out. All
right, now back to the video.
Draymond, can I ask can I ask one
question about your YouTube channel and
your show? Why is YouTube important to
you as an NBA player? Uh YouTube is
where all the views at, man. That's
where all the kids are. Um, you, you
know, you see everything on YouTube and,
you know, just to grow a presence on
there, get it out to the world. I think
it's incredible platform for all of us
to use and, you know, continue to push
the things forward that we're trying to
move forward. How hard is it to have a
podcast while you're active player? It's
fun. You make time for what what's
important to you. I enjoy it. I'm no
stranger to hard work. I love putting
the work in. So, I enjoy it. It's fun.
And any thoughts on traditional media as
we're surrounded by a lot of reporters
versus new media?
I am traditional media and new media.
All right. So, right here is like all
the media, but it's mostly traditional
media. They're basically like getting
all their stories out. They're getting
interviews in the hallway. I'd say we're
one of the only YouTubers here. Jesse's
here, like Tristan's here. There's other
creators, but you'll see the worlds of
creator and traditional media. There's
still like fine lines, but I think the
NBA is helping bring it together. I feel
like we're much more run and gun. Like,
we're trying to go up to the creators,
the locker room, and just see what we
could get.
WBY, do you watch a lot of YouTube? I
watch all of it. Do you watch a lot of
YouTube?
Yes. Do you care about having a YouTube
channel? No, I don't. I don't need I
don't need that.
Nice to meet you, man. Pleasure. Nice to
meet you. I'm so impressed. You guys are
filming six podcasts while you're here.
Yeah. That's a light day. That's a light
day. That's a light day for us. What's
the most interviews you've done in a
day? We'll do like a week and almost
three a day. Three a day. Yeah. Who's
come through during All-Star weekend?
This weekend we've had so far uh TMC,
Chris Melvin, Tim Hardway. Wow. Nice.
Miss Richmond, we had KG, Marshon Lynch,
Jr. Ryder. Wow. Who else we got? We got
Barry Bonds. Barry Bond tomorrow. That's
going to be That's huge. Don Julio. What
up? Oh, man. What's up, baby? Appreciate
you pulling up. I know you was busy,
bro. What's happening? Not much, man.
Good. I'm so excited for this. Uh,
thanks for having me on your set. So,
you guys have one of the biggest shows
started by NBA players. And I'm looking
around and I'm seeing like five cameras
cuz we're on your set right now. What's
harder, being an NBA player or being a
podcaster and creator? The effort and
the dedication is the same. We
dedicating everything we have to this,
but you don't have to go to the gym. You
don't have to sweat as much. You got to
use your mind more. And uh, I think that
hurt me more than sweating using my
mind.
Yeah, I know. We pour in. You know,
obviously we've been able to kind of
translate our our ambition and our
energy and and kind of our approach into
another career. We started doing it, you
know, at major networks, ESPN and Fox,
and starting a show 5 years ago, and
then from that, we've turned it into an
entire company. So, it's been cool. How
does the money compare to the NBA? Like,
are you guys making more money now on
your podcast than when you were NBA
players? Uh, well, I can say this. I'm
definitely not making so I was making
like 10 million a year at one point. So
I'm definitely not making that. But
after basketball, I am making NBA money
comp, you know what I'm saying? It's
it's it's equal. Like what I'm doing
now, this is the easiest job I've ever
had, you know? And and we're building a
company. This is our baby. We're
building something from the ground up.
So it means just as much as if I was
making 10 million. So if I'm not making
10 million, that we're building our baby
is just the same as I was making 10
million. Cuz I'm building a company with
my family. We're winning together. We're
growing together. So, it might not be 10
million. We will get to that point, but
it feels like it because I'm winning
with people I truly love. You guys
started this show five years ago. In the
5 years since, there's been a ton of
other shows and podcast started by NBA
players. Why do you think that is? So
many people from every podcast that
trying to start podcast that podcast
having success, they've all called him.
They've all reached out to him and asked
for advice. And that's one thing about
us. We we we open to share everything we
know. Yeah. And I definitely feel like
there's been a shift in media as a
whole. You know, particularly on the
basketball side. Obviously, guys were
going from playing to analysts or
commentators, and we were able to get
access that the ESPN's and the Foxes
couldn't get. Do you think that more NBA
players want to be full-time YouTubers
after they retire? I mean, I don't
know. But YouTube is like, you talk
about NBA money, YouTube is paying
people some real money. I did some
streaming stuff not too long ago, and
it's completely obvious. I'm about to be
45 and I was on a stream with like a kid
that just turned 20 or 21. But that's
the future. It makes all the sense in
the world. That's a great retirement.
That's a great retirement, right?
Because we're in that era now. That's
that's easy money. How did the idea
start for All the Smoke? Was it when you
were doing hits on ESPN and other
networks? You're like, "We should we
should do this ourselves or like did
they come to you?" We were at I think my
place in the Bay in Berkeley and um
watching the game and I'm just like,
"Let's do a podcast." He's like, "What's
a podcast?" Like, "I don't know, but I
think we can smoke and drink." And he's
like, "I'm in. I'm in." And then from
there, we met um somebody from Showtime
through a a mutual friend, Brian Daly,
flew out here from New York. Uh, I
pitched him the idea, we took a couple
shots together, and next thing we know,
we're signed to Showtime. And, um,
January one of 2024, uh, we signed a
nice deal with DraftKings and launched
our company. So, we're about a year and
some change in, and you know, we have a
handful of shows under our slate. We're
not only in the NBA, we're in the NFL.
Um, we're in professional boxing. Uh,
we're about to get into M MMA and then
hopefully golf at some point, then also
political content. So, we're just doing
a bunch of stuff across the board. Now,
any other thing or people advice you
give to D? you know, we just, you know,
appreciate, you know, you're really
doing your thing and and and to be able
to bring your audience into what we're
doing, man. We're we're thankful and
appreciative to that and, you know,
we're people out here trying to to learn
the space and and continue to make good
content, man. So, we appreciate you
stopping by and highlighting us, dude.
Thank you. Well, thanks for paving the
path and appreciate you guys.
Chs, dude, how did you get started? And
how do you break all the new I mean, you
broke the Luca trade. Like, how do you
get all these scoops? If I couldn't play
in the NBA, the next best thing for me
is to write and cover it. And like my
appetite for information, I think kept
me going as a fan then and keeps going
now. What journalistic rigor do you feel
like you bring that maybe an NBA player
who's just like thrown up a mic and a
camera may not realize? I think for
players to have their own media
platforms, entities, places where they
can tell their stories, I mean, if if
they don't want to say it in terms of
traditional standard media, I mean, they
have the right. But there is also an uh
a natural trust potentially that you can
develop with people potentially like
myself or other, you know, journalists
or other interviewers, other
broadcasters, whether it be at NBC, ABC,
any outlet you can think of. I wake up,
go to sleep, every moment in between
thinking of how to cover the league at a
really high level. Josh, thank you so
much, man. Yeah.
All right, we're at the All-Star game.
The slam dunk contest about to happen. I
feel like growing up in Chicago, the
dunk contest was one of my favorite
things in the world. I can't believe I'm
here right
now. But yeah, what's really cool is
Jesser is about to judge this clam dunk
contest. First ever YouTuber to be a
judge alongside NBA players. Chester,
I'm going to ask you first. You are the
NBA ID member rep tonight. How do you
think the fans will vote with your
personal opinions tonight? I think we
all just want to see some creativity,
something new, but it's going to align.
Oh, he's up.
[Applause]
Insane.
How was it, man? It was so cool being up
there. I was like just trying to take it
all in. Like all the lights, just like
the big arena, like just take a deep
breath like, "Oh my god, I'm really here
and doing this." But it was so cool.
Such a fantastic experience. Which way?
I was trying to FaceTime my son, dude.
Tell him Jess is right here. Your boy
Jesser, just push your face up. What up,
homies? Jess, your guy.
Hey, bro. Thank you for watching the
videos, brother. I appreciate it. Baron,
is Jester a bigger deal in your
household than some NBA players? Jester
is the biggest deal in my household.
Really? Yes. You're an NBA legend. I am.
My kids make me watch Jess. Let's go.
They're like, "Why don't you do a video
with Jesser? Why don't you get in this
video?" I'm like, "Dude, this kid is too
famous. I don't even know him. I just
met him. He's incredible. I just got so
many brownie points for the FaceTime.
Let's go. Thanks to this guy. Got it.
Wow. Wow. Wow. That was awesome.
All right. It's a big day. The All-Star
game is about to be played on this
court. Some of the biggest stars in the
world are going to be here. But also,
Mr. Beast is going to be doing a
halftime show where he's going to give
away $100,000. It's the biggest thing a
creator has done at Allstar. And Jimmy
said we may be able to go on the court
with him. You lead digital content for
the NBA. How do you help NBA players
develop their social media following?
After every single game, when a player
gets back um to their locker room, uh
they can use the Greenfly app on their
on their phone and and get content from
the game, whether it's highlights,
photos, and then so like it's all we we
have it all done in an automated
fashion. Oh wow. I had no idea. So when
we see something on a player's Instagram
or a creator who covers the NBA, there's
a good chance it came from the app.
Correct. Like game action photography.
um game highlights and things like that.
Those are the ones that we're getting to
them as fast as possible. How do you
find these creators? Are you looking
across YouTube and trying to see who's
getting views on basketball related
content? Like how how do you find like
the next Jesters and Mr. Beast to come
out to Allstar Games? We're monitoring
basically every account on every
platform um that is publishing NBA
content and we're able to identify uh
creators that are sort of on the rise
and that they're starting to gain
traction. and then they get a DM from us
and you know we we start the journey of
working together. How do you think about
Mr. Beast and Jester in terms of the
marketing of the NBA and its content? We
have built an incredibly massive social
media following but with all the with
all the algorithm changes on the
platform it's it's getting harder and
harder to to reach even the people that
follow you. Um, and so by expanding the
number of accounts that are publishing
NBA content, it's giving us more
opportunities to reach more of our fans.
And then you get to the 2025 All-Star
game and creators are everywhere
throughout the entire weekend. Ice.
Jimmy's about to do the halftime show at
the All-Star game. Carl, is this the
first time you guys are going to be on
live TV? Yeah, it's it's literally the
first time we've ever been live on like
cable. I'm worried Jimmy's gonna say
something bad. How do you guys come up
with this idea? He came up with it. I
don't know. I just thought about it. I
don't think I mean, it's not glorious. I
just think it's funny and simple and the
crowd would like it. Dame has to make
three shots before one random kid makes
one. To be clear, that was always the
plan. That's always what we were going
to do the whole time. We did not come up
with that 12 hours ago.
[Music]
How's it going, San? How you guys doing?
Before the next game, the NBA is letting
me do something a little fun for you
guys. behind me is
$100,000 and we're going to grab someone
random from the stands to compete
against Damian Lillard for this 100
grand.
What's your name? My name is Jared.
Jared. Damian. All right, come on over
here. So, what we're going to be doing
is pretty simple. All right, Jimmy is
right now on the floor. We got Drew on
there getting footage with him. He's
basically doing a YouTube video live
here at the All-Star game. First try,
you can win 100 grand right here. He's
going for it.
Oh, go for it. Damian letter.
103. Okay, another 103. Get a high five,
everybody.
Oh, Jack, you want to give him some
motivation? Or Kevin? Someone someone
give our guy a pep talk of you? Stand in
the middle. Elbow straight. Hold your
final two till the ball goes to the net.
And 30
seconds reverse.
Hold it. Hold it till it goes in.
[Applause]
All right. Keep shooting. Keep shooting.
Keep shooting. Oh my gosh. Keep
shooting. Oh my god.
How's it feel to win $100,000 in front
of everyone? This is surreal. I can't
thank anybody but my dad. And thank you
for the opportunity. What just happened,
man? I don't know what just happened.
I'm shaking. I literally got the best
shot of him jumping in the money. That's
all I need, baby. Money shot. Literally.
best shot of him jumping in the money
and he's like,
"Hey, is there anything you want to
take?" You beat the twotime three-point
contest winner. All right, let's head to
our next bit. Hey, do you want to grab
shots for John? Yo, NBA, that was sick.
You should have us do more stuff like
that. Yeah, shout out to the NBA for
letting us do this. Oh, how's it going,
man?
Yeah, everyone seemed to love it. Thank
you. Thank you. Let's do more stuff in
the future.
That was I wasn't expecting that. I
guess Adam knows me.
I thought that went phenomenal. The buzz
repeater at the end. There was 10
seconds left until they're going to kick
it to a commercial. I almost went over
time. I thought that was a huge success.
Thank you NBA TNG for letting me do it.
I might be biased, but that's like the
best halftime show. I think they should
involve creators more. I think it went
really well. All right, guys. That's a
wrap. Thank you to everyone who let us
film with them. Make sure you subscribe
and ring the notification bell. We got
more crazy videos.